>> Bianca: So now it's your turn.
Your goal here
>> Bianca: Is to
transform this simple sorting
algorithm into a uniqSort.
So a uniqSort takes an array with
duplicates, removes the duplicates, and
returns the sorted array.
>> Bianca: And
so, the sort is happening for
you on line ten.
You don't need to worry
too much about that.
>> Bianca: This method here, or
this function here, means that it's
gonna be returned in ascending order.
If you want it to be in descending order,
you just swap these.
And the reason we have to do this is
because the Java script made of sorts,
it's like a string sort.
So if you have 1, 2, 3, and 12,
it'll do 1, 12, 2, 3.
And so, that's why we need to pass this
callback to tell the sort that we want
to actually operate on this kind of
comparison, which is a greater than or
less than comparison.
>> Bianca: Okay,
so you should be able to edit
this directly in the slide.
You can also open it in Repl.it.
And then, you can fork it.
And then, you can save them if you want.
And you can have a copy of all
the exercises that you've worked on and
your solutions in your own Repl.it.
You will have to make
a Repl.it account though.